Causes of death are many and varied. Old age, suicide, illness...
But the cause of death that scares the most people in this day and age...
"Episode 9: The Spreading Malice"
The children are trying so hard!
You were supposed to take the fall for this crime!
What's become of you, Tamaki?!
--I used to like you. --Tamaki! What's become of you?!
--Tamaki! What's become of you?!
--Why are you doing this, Lieutenant Rekka...? --You aren't the Tamaki I thought you were!
--Why are you doing this, Lieutenant Rekka...?
Status update!
One Infernal has appeared.
There's a fire in the city limits. Let's hurry!
Tamaki, can you keep up?
Y-Yes, sir! I'm fine!
There's an Infernal nearby. Be sure you stay with us!
Yes, Lieutenant Rekka!
There it is!
Let me handle this!
Hold it, Rekka! Don't rush into rushing in!
The flame...
...is the soul's breath.
Ashes thou wert and art.
--Return to... --Return to...
--...the great flame... --...the great flame...
--...of fire! --...of fire!
Látom.
Honestly, you're always so reckless.
Because you always have my back, Karim.
That's because you charge ahead on your own.
My stars!
You can't just laugh it off, not even with that smile.
My stars?
My stars!
--Quit flashing that flashy smile!
--They all rely on each other. That's so cool! --Quit flashing that flashy smile!
--They all rely on each other. That's so cool!
Die now, Tamaki!
Stop, Lieutenant Rekka...
Help me...
Are you okay, Tamaki?
The darkness is illuminated
The days we've grown accustomed to walking are weeded out
My dream might be to make a stable living
but I'll moan over the lack of stimulation
The end is illuminated
Where are the streets we're accustomed to walking?
Time can sometimes be irksome,
but we're enveloped in warmth
Flames rise to show us the way
reminding us of a gentle melody
There is no eternity, none at all, they say
I just smile, thinking that's fine with me
If we shine, someday, our light will go out
We'll keep on walking until the day
the fire of our lives gets doused
Playthings that make sounds
and magic that chases pain away
are all precious treasures to me
There is no eternity, none at all, they say
We'll keep on walking until the day
the fire of our lives gets doused
My stars!
Kusakabe!
Rekka Hoshimiya, you're the culprit, aren't you?
Do not interfere!
Star Fist Jab!
Rekka Hoshimiya! Now that the hero,
Catch-the-Artificial-Infernal-Maker Man is here,
there's nowhere for you to retreat!
My stars!
I don't need to retreat! I only ever move forward!
Then I'm Keep-You-from-Moving- Backwards-or-Forwards Man!
Kusakabe is fighting toe-to-toe against Lieutenant Rekka...
I will not allow anyone to interfere with our evangelism!
Shut up, you hot-blooded son of a bitch.
Oh, no trouble for me. It just means one more dead body.
It's reacting to Shinra Kusakabe's flames.
I get it. It's trying to go back to the flames.
All right! This is my lucky day!
So this is where you are--the third person the Evangelist is searching for.
Click!
"Click"
The undefiled flame, the Adolla Burst!
Adolla Burst?
What we who serve under the Evangelist have been seeking.
That which can only be borne by the spawn of the great Sol--
the sacred flame that will lead mankind!
The pure, unadulterated flame.
For a long time, I have been lighting pilot lights in children,
in search of someone compatible, but imagine, finding someone right here!
In children, you say?
Exactly how many people have you turned into Infernals?
It doesn't matter.
They were trivial sacrifices so that we could achieve our goal.
Screw you!
You think you can get away with this?!
What are you doing, you sicko?!
S-Sorry!
O-Okay, then, off I go.
Don't walk away with my skirt!
Star Fist Jab!
Let me show you the difference in our firepowers!
Tamaki!
My stars!
Sorry! It's not like that! I didn't mean to!
Enough already, just fight!
R-Right.
Please, Kusakabe...
Defeat Lieutenant Rekka.
Leave him to me. That's why I'm here.
Hmph.
Rekka and my firepowers are about the same, or mine is a bit lower.
But where I do have him beat is with my feet.
My mobility.
This building is an excellent place to capitalize on my mobility.
Time to put it to the test.
My stars!
I will burn everything up with my hot arms! My stars!
Don't let him beat you!
What awesome firepower. My knee is hot just by glancing off him.
I'll shoot you down!
Star Fist...
...Jab!
I outmatch you in mobility!
You only have a single foothold,
but for me, everything is a foothold!
My stars...
Guys, gather around! Make sure to keep behind the pillars!
I'm coming there now!
Tak-kun!
Are you okay, Kusakabe?!
I flew all the way here, and then started fighting right off.
I'm a little lightheaded. Looks like I overused my pyrokinesis.
You're overheated. You've used up too much of your body's oxygen,
the source of your flames.
It's over, Rekka Hoshimiya. Give yourself up, nice and easy.
I finally found a compatible child.
For the Evangelist's sake, he's not getting away!
For what reason are you turning children into Infernals?
Are there any more like you?
And who is this "Evangelist"?
I find compatible children and increase the number of us with abilities.
We'll create Infernals, and return people back to flames.
All according to the will of the Evangelist.
What is your objective?
Behold the brilliance of the star of flames ensconced in the heavens!
We will return to the bosom of the great Sol!
Turn all people into flames, and engulf the earth in the great flame of fire!
Incinerate this imperfect earth and its humanity in the flames of salvation!
And turn this world into a second sun!
What... are you talking about?
To make the world a star!
Guys, we're getting out of here, now!
They won't get away!
I'll take them, and make it look like they died in the fire!
They will receive the teachings of the Evangelist while in their childhood!
In the fire...? While in their childhood...?
Did you guys... take my brother, too?!
Burn, my Star Fists! Burn with fervor!
Stop! You'll be burned by your own flames!
I will burn all of you up before I am consumed!
Látom!
What the...?!
Didn't you always say I was there at your back?
Karim!
Do not interfere!
Stop. The hotter you get, the more I'll cool you off.
I'll just vaporize this ice!
Fire!
I wasn't always at your back so you could go and do something like this.
I heard the report, and what do I come here and see?
Karim, what in the world?
I put Rekka on lockdown. We'll get all there is to know out of him later.
Is the 1st going to be all right?
This is nothing more than my hunch,
but I get the feeling this isn't just the 1st's problem.
It's a much more whopping whopper of a problem, affecting the whole nation.
What?!
Huh?
Rekka's been...
Lieutenant Rekka...
Direct hit on target. Hoshimiya has been eliminated.
There are still Fire Soldiers there. Take some of them out.
Acknowledged.
Again?!
A sniper!
Where did it come from?!
I missed.
They won't escape this one.
Karim!
Shinra! Put up a smokescreen!
Right!
Tamaki! Stay out of sight there with the children!
Yes, sir!
Huo Yan, I'm sorry.
Karim, you're the 1st's shield. We can't afford to lose you here.
Who needs a shield that has to be protected?
I can't afford to let anyone else get hurt.
Shinra! Can you identify the enemy?!
Two targets, on the roof of the building to the southwest!
Tamaki!
On Shinra's signal, extend as much of your flame as you can toward the target!
It'll give away your position, so extend them higgledy-piggledy!
Yes, sir!
I've lost visual on the target.
Karim, what's the point of the ice?
We're showing them that we know where they are,
while constructing a barrier to block their view of us.
If we behave in a manner incomprehensible to them,
it's up to them to interpret the reason, and get freaked out.
Snipers do their work from a safe place, after all.
It looks like our location has been exposed.
Sniping will be impossible with all that smoke and ice.
We've silenced Hoshimiya.
Now is not the time to expose ourselves to danger by fighting.
We'll report this to the commander. We're withdrawing.
The targets are falling back! Should I go after them?
With you overheated, you'll just get yourself killed by them.
All we can do is stay here hunched down like turtles.
Let them get the wrong idea and be freaked out, and they'll run away.
They made a hell of a scene. Who are those white-clad folks?
There are people turning others into Infernals and killing them,
as well as setting fires, running around.
Among them are children they've abducted, who possess abilities.
Including my brother.
"The Evangelist." I now have someone I can go after.
Tamaki, is that all of the children?
Yes, sir.
Cover yourself.
Oh, no! I couldn't possibly...
It's okay, just cover yourself.
Thank you very much.
Remember, Tamaki, while he may have tricked you, you need to be prepared.
Yes, sir. I brought the children into this.
I will accept any punishment you give.
Thanks for your help with Rekka.
I'm not sure if Rekka was hot-blooded and became a son of a bitch,
or if he was just a son of a bitch who became hot-blooded.
But for me, Rekka was just Rekka.
I need to find out why he was a hot-blooded son of a bitch.
The 8th's objective is to do an internal investigation of Fire Soldiers, right?
And you're going after the Evangelist next?
I'm going to track down the Evangelist, too. Let me work with you.
Thank you very much.
"To be continued"
You can toil your way through humorless days
and curse the unwavering present,
but words that simply hang in the air
are not enough to save you
We've been walking shoulder-to-shoulder
between sights we never reach
and pain that brings no warmth
to make it to a faraway place
Given the hope that you speak of
or the ideals that you dream of
I'll find a way to show you love, however cold you may be
You can toil your way through humorless days
and curse the unwavering present,
but words that simply hang in the air
are not enough to save you You can cry out timidly
but that changes when the nights grow fevered
Even if we let go of each other's hands,
I hope we can still walk together again
I'll refrain from saying goodbye
to ensure that we can meet again somewhere
The 1st was swamped with reports and follow-ups after the incident with Rekka,
so our training got canceled.
Rekka is dead,
Arthur ended up getting lost running down Rekka,
and a search request had to be issued for him.
"Tardiness is forbidden"
I haven't been back at the 8th in so long... It was a short appointment,
"Submit your paperwork by tomorrow!" "Tardiness is forbidden"
but it still feels like coming home.
"Spinach is fundamental" "Submit your paperwork by tomorrow!" "Tardiness is forbidden"
"Spinach is fundamental" "Submit your paperwork by tomorrow!"
The captain's workouts...
"Head Spa"
The lieutenant's weird hats...
The basically cool and beautiful Maki-san...
I'm leaving some tea for you here.
Nice work on your training assignment.
Thank you very much.
The sister's angelic smile...
I only joined the 8th a little while ago,
but somehow or other, it's become a place where I feel settled in.
Wh-What are you doing here, cat lady?
What!
Tamaki has been put on suspension at the 1st for the time being,
for her part in the Hoshimiya incident.
While she's on suspension, the 8th is taking her.
With the two of you together,
filing a report on this incident will be a lot easier.
I-I see.
Th-That being the case, Tamaki, could I get your phone number?
Wh-Why should I have to give you my phone number?!
W-Well, if you insist, I suppose I could tell you.
Really? Man, Juggernaut has really been begging me.
No way! I'm not telling!
There's an intruder in my haven. And after Arthur cleared out, too.
Hmph.
"Next time"
"Episode 10: The Promise"